[Tutorials] Continue moving metadata to frontmatter (#1315)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/aws-lambda/continuous-deployment.md

### Adding your AWS credentials to the repository
You need to add your AWS credentials to the repository so it has permission to connect to Lambda.

> You can do this by adding [GitHub secrets][github-secrets] using the GitHub CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by adding [GitHub secrets][github-secrets] using the GitHub command-line.
```
